I was trying to think up a way that I could create a bullet hell game, but have my game stand out!
I started thinking about a concept where the player could play in a vertical scrolling world and shoot
using the mouse, but multiply the score of every succesful attack by the degrees away from parallel to
ships' direction! But even then, that didn't seem like enough. So I decided to add the idea I wrote down
not too long ago for a speed run platformer type game, where the faster the player travels in the positive
direction, more higher tier collectibles appear!
In the end, I decided that I should keep the angle multiplier, but also incorporate a mechanic where every
bullet that connects with an enemy, spawns a x number of point collectibles where the attack hits, based on
x amount of damage given. But in order to prevent the player from using a weak weapon repeatedly to get
more points without progressing as quickly through the level, I decided that every point collected, increases
an enemy spawn rate multiplier! This way, if the player wants a higher score, they're putting themselves in
greater risk, but simply killing enemies will not increase their score as much, due to the fact that the
points must be collected, thereby allowing not so experienced users to simply survive, while still having
knowledge of what must be done to achieve a higher score!


NEW VERSION:
After talking to Marc Aubanel, we realized that there isn't enough of a penalty for not shooting at all, other
than simply haing a lower score. To get around this, the score and collectible mechanics change to the following:
The greater the angle of the shot further away from the parallel of the ships angle, the greater the score earned
for every connecting shot, meaning that the player no longer needs to fly up to the spawned orbs for points.
The reason for this is because, since every connecting shot increases the enemy spawn rate, choosing to not shoot
means I just won't die at all, so now collecting the orbs that appear around the enemies from collecting shots
net you rewards such as shields, power attack chargers, power ups, etc.